Release Plan

HEADING:
product name: The Nutritional Slug
Team Name: Gold Team
Team Member Names: John Lara, Roberto Oregon, Sanyam Sachdeva, Vidisha Nevatia, Dylan Salak
release name: Nutri-Slug v.1 
release date: July 22,2020
revision number: 0
revision date: 

HIGH LEVEL GOALS: 
- Ability to type in a type of food (i.e. pasta, dairy, bread, etc), specifying what macros to choose (Proteins, Carbs, and Fats) and select a food product 
with those macros selected.
- This will return a list of recommended brands/food items which are more in line with your dietary goals
- Gives you a report on your total progress, and a pie chart breaking down your current food intake, including the number of calories per day, as well
 as your macro goal and how close you are to reaching it.
- Have a personal “diary” of each day’s chosen food
- prototype testing
- continuous integration

USER STORY FOR RELEASE:

Sprint 1:
(8) User story 1: As a health conscious user, I want to search for a food product that fits my macros so that I know the variety I can choose from and eat the 
healthiest option available
(5) User story 2: As a user of the app itself, I want to be able to easily navigate through an intuitive user interface so that I know where to search for food, 
look at my progress, see my daily nutritional goals, and to be able to calculate my required macronutrients.

Sprint 2:
(5) User story 1: As a health conscious user, I want to be able to calculate the Macronutrients based on personal goals and current weight so that I know exactly 
what my target daily intake should be. 

Sprint 3:
(3) User story 1: As a user trying to see health changes, I want to see my daily meal plan/diary so that I can see my progress and stay motivated. 

Product backlog:
- User Story: As a user of the app, I want to be able to order the food I have found on this app on Amazon Pantry (or some other online vendor) so that I don't have to
leave my home to get my products.
- User Story: As a user of the app, I want to be able to find which stores closest to me (likely with GPS integration) have my products so that I can streamline my 
shopping.
- User Story: As a health conscious user, I want to know which workout/exercise routines I should follow so that I am working on my health from aspects besides 
nutrition.

Presentation is submitted in Class Presentation folder.
